(window.webpackJsonp=window.webpackJsonp||[]).push([[90],{470:function(e,n,o){"use strict";o.r(n);var i=o(43),t=Object(i.a)({},(function(){var e=this,n=e.$createElement,o=e._self._c||n;return o("ContentSlotsDistributor",{attrs:{"slot-key":e.$parent.slotKey}},[o("h1",{attrs:{id:"meeting-notes-from-weekly-scrum-of-scrum-meetings"}},[o("a",{staticClass:"header-anchor",attrs:{href:"#meeting-notes-from-weekly-scrum-of-scrum-meetings"}},[e._v("#")]),e._v(" Meeting Notes from Weekly Scrum-of-scrum meetings")]),e._v(" "),o("h2",{attrs:{id:"oss-scrum-or-scrum-calls-thu-may-7th-2020"}},[o("a",{staticClass:"header-anchor",attrs:{href:"#oss-scrum-or-scrum-calls-thu-may-7th-2020"}},[e._v("#")]),e._v(" OSS Scrum or scrum calls Thu "),o("strong",[e._v("May 7th")]),e._v(" 2020")]),e._v(" "),o("ol",[o("li",[e._v("Coil - Don:\na Performance: 'Big Gap' problem; changes to cs-stream; changed results; putting together a doc with changes for review; Joran's work on concurrent message processing on Kafka topics -> try to test it; seeing 40-50% throughput;\nb LPS adapter: Working with Renjith (Applied Payments); putting together a lab / envt for partner teams to use it; Exploring collaboration with GSMA lab")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Crosslake - Lewis:\na. Performance: Had report out with Confluent with Nakul, engagement wrapping up; Disseminating docs Nakul produced\nb. PISP: Design discussions going on along with Implementation\nc. Versioning: Figuring scope for ZDD deployments\nd. Official launch related issues: DNS issues - worked on and were resolved")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("ModusBox - Sam:\na. Performance: Moving / standardizing Perf changes from PI-9 into master (not all PoCs); Working on goals, strategy for PI10\nb. Core-team: Bulk transfers - getting started by providing support in sdk-scheme-adapter\nc. Maintenance (Bug Fixes):\ni) Accents in names - Ongoing\nii) Mojaloop simulator on AWS deployments - almost done, working on QA scripts (on 'dev2' - second environment)\nd. Testing toolkit: Currently available for testing - all resources in ML FSPIOP API Supported. Reports can be generated. Working on providing Command line options and more portability\ne. CCB: Publishing v1.1 Spec this week - API Definition and corresponding Swagger (Open API)")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Virtual / Mojaloop Foundation - Megan:\na. Launch of Mojaloop Foundation\nb. Paula H - Executive Director of the Mojaloop Foundation.")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Mojaloop Foundation - Simeon:\na. Provide feedback on the Community Survey\nb. Hackathon possible in early June time-frame in collaboration with Google\nc. Mojaloop Newsletter with interesting items such as ML FSPIOP v1.1 Spec, Helm v10.1.0 release, etc. to be launched next week.")])]),e._v(" "),o("h2",{attrs:{id:"oss-scrum-or-scrum-calls-thu-april-16th-2020"}},[o("a",{staticClass:"header-anchor",attrs:{href:"#oss-scrum-or-scrum-calls-thu-april-16th-2020"}},[e._v("#")]),e._v(" OSS Scrum or scrum calls Thu "),o("strong",[e._v("April 16th")]),e._v(" 2020")]),e._v(" "),o("ol",[o("li",[e._v("Coil:\na. Don C: Perf - preliminary results - got some numbers - got individual handler numbers, to compare with individual handlers - focusing on DB - a thrid of time for one leg spent on perf\nb. Don C: HSM: Renjit's team demo'ed the demo for next week - event prep")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Crosslake:\na. Lewis D: PISP - Sprint planning - iterating designs\nb. Lewis D: Hackathons - Discussed a few concepts with Innocent K (HiPiPo)\nc. Lewis D: Has access to GSMA lab - will play around\nd. Lewis D: Versioning: working on deck for PI10\ne. Kim W: Performance stream overall update - workshop with Confluent\nf. Kim W: Performance stream update - Pedro putting together a proposal, presentation")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Mifos:\na. Ed C: Demo Prep for PI10 meetings")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Virtual:\na. Megan : Getting ready for the PI10 event and Logistics")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("DA:\na. Nico: Discussing PISP issue which Michael will be the owner of")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Core team:\na. Sam K: Performance: Preparing Metrics; Doing performance runs to baseline master branches after moving some enhancements to master\nb. Sam K: Accents in names issue - implementation ongoing\nf. Sam K: Settlements V2 implementation being done by OSS-TIPS team ongoing - QA done for current iteration\ng. Sam K: Testing toolkit: Improving unit test coverage. Assertions added for various endpoints\ni. Sam K: CCB: V1.1 of the ML FSPIOP API Definition - First draft done, Reviews in progress")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Mojaloop Community:\na. Community update by Simeon")])]),e._v(" "),o("h2",{attrs:{id:"oss-scrum-or-scrum-calls-thu-april-9th-2020"}},[o("a",{staticClass:"header-anchor",attrs:{href:"#oss-scrum-or-scrum-calls-thu-april-9th-2020"}},[e._v("#")]),e._v(" OSS Scrum or scrum calls Thu "),o("strong",[e._v("April 9th")]),e._v(" 2020")]),e._v(" "),o("ol",[o("li",[e._v("Coil:\na. Don C: perf testing - Under utilization of resources - more tweaking to be done\nb. Don C: HSM integration - demo prep\nc. Don C: Legacy adapter - docs update - looking for feedback")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Crosslake:\na. Kim W: FRMS meeting earlier today - proposals made\nb. Kim W: PI10 meetings update, registrations - questions\nc. Lewis D: PISP: more planning - working on stories, items, but discussing designs on Oauth, Fido\nd. Lewis D: Performance: discussion with Pedro about PoC for arch changes, for Event Sourcing, CQRS, etc\ne. Lewis D: Code standards - updated\nf. Lewis D: Code quality & Security stream: HSM usage, demo, Security in the OSS community\ng. Lewis D: Container scans working - will work with Victor, early benchmarks\nh. Lewis D: Finally - versioning update")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Mifos:\na. Ed C: Work on Payment Hub, integrating with Kafka, ML transactions going through, usiing Elastic Search, for backoffice ops moniring\nb. Ed C: Demo Prep for PI10 meetings")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v('Core team:\na. Sam K: Performance: Drafting reports, Moving metrics, other enhancements to master branches\nb. Sam K: Performance: Wrapping-up final set of tests; Phase4 roadmap and kickoff planning\nc. Sam K: Community Support: Fixing bugs (few major discussion items fixed), providing clarifications regarding implementation decisions, etc.\nd. Sam K: Merchant Payment Support - Provide tests and validate Merchant "Request to Pay" use case, standardization on-going\ne. Sam K: Accents in names issue - implementation ongoing\nf. Sam K: Settlements V2 implementation being done by OSS-TIPS team ongoing\ng. Sam K: Testing toolkit: Assertions being added for API resources, JWS done, mTLS being added\nh. Sam K: Testing toolkit: Usage guide in progress along with adding Golden path related tests\ni. Sam K: CCB: V1.1 of the ML FSPIOP API Definition - First draft done, waiting for review')])]),e._v(" "),o("h2",{attrs:{id:"oss-scrum-or-scrum-calls-thu-april-2nd-2020"}},[o("a",{staticClass:"header-anchor",attrs:{href:"#oss-scrum-or-scrum-calls-thu-april-2nd-2020"}},[e._v("#")]),e._v(" OSS Scrum or scrum calls Thu "),o("strong",[e._v("April 2nd")]),e._v(" 2020")]),e._v(" "),o("ol",[o("li",[e._v("Mifos:\na. Ed C: Team continuing work on Payment Hub EE, Focus on Operational UI , capabilities for DFSP backends, Error event handling framework")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Coil:\na. Don C: Performance - setup done and got started - on GCP - getting high latency times - need to troubleshoot and will probably get support from other contributors\nb. Don C: ATM - OTP - Encryption")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Crosslake:\na. Kim W: Agenda for PI10 drafted - email should good out soon\nb. Kim W: Schedule for PI10: Tue - Fri; 11am - 4pm GMT - Remote / Virtual event\nc. Lewis D: Perf meeting later today - architecture deep dive\nd. Lewis D: Versioning - In progress\ne. Lewis D: Code quality & Security - Overall Security architecture, HSM covered by Coil\nf. Lewis D: Mojaloop in a Vagrant box - in progress")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Core team:\na. Miguel dB: Performance: Wrapping up Perf work - nearing 900 TPS end-to-end; Currently attempting to identify / understand a single unit that needs this perf\nb. Sam K: Performance: Wrapping-up final set of tests; Phase4 roadmap and kickoff planning\nc. Sam K: Community Support: Fixing bugs (few major discussion items fixed), providing clarifications regarding implementation decisions, etc.\nd. Sam K: Merchant Payment Support - Standardization on-going - Fixing issues in /authorizations\ne. Sam K: Accents in names issue - implementation ongoing\nf. Sam K: Settlements V2 implementation being done by OSS-TIPS team ongoing\ng. Sam K: Testing toolkit: Assertions being added for API resources, JWS in progress\nh. Sam K: CCB: V1.1 of the ML FSPIOP API Definition - drafting in progress")])]),e._v(" "),o("h2",{attrs:{id:"oss-scrum-of-scrum-call-thu-march-26th-2020"}},[o("a",{staticClass:"header-anchor",attrs:{href:"#oss-scrum-of-scrum-call-thu-march-26th-2020"}},[e._v("#")]),e._v(" OSS Scrum of scrum call Thu "),o("strong",[e._v("March 26th")]),e._v(" 2020")]),e._v(" "),o("ol",[o("li",[e._v("DA: Nico - Versioning topic discussed by Lewis, Matt, Sam")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Crosslake:\na. Kim W: Finalizing Agenda - Monday to Friday\nb. Kim W: Reach out if you want to present / speak\nc. Kim W: Preparing pre-reads\nd. Kim W: Fraud & AML workshop: Justus to post summary and notes to GitHub after the workshops\ne. Lewis D: Performance workshop / deep-dive possibly Monday\nf. Lewis D: PISP Design discussions ongoing\ng: Lewis D: Code quality and security stream: i. Docker container security recommendations. ii. GDPR Scope for Mojaloop")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Mifos:\na. Ed C / Istvan M: Continue creating Lab\nb. Ed C / Istvan M: Fineract , new instance of Payment Hub - good progress\nc. Ed C / Istvan M: Working on operational monitoring of backend part (back-office debugging, monitoring, etc)")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Simeon O - Community Manager in attendance")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Core team:\na. Sam K: Performance: Finalized phase-3 work. Get to immediate goals for logical conclusion - still ongoing - Phase4 roadmap and kickoff\nb. Sam K: Community Support: Fixing bugs, providing clarifications regarding implementation decisions, etc.\nd. Sam K: Merchant Payment Support - Standardization on-going - Metrics being added, event framework added\ne. Sam K: Accents in names issue - Discussing issue, designing solution\nf. Sam K: Settlements V2 implementation being done by OSS-TIPS team ongoing\ng. Sam K: Testing toolkit: Assertions being added for API resources, JWS in progress. Usage guide in progress\nh. Sam K: CCB: V1.1 of the ML FSPIOP API Definition - drafting in progress")])]),e._v(" "),o("h2",{attrs:{id:"oss-scrum-or-scrum-call-thu-march-19th-2020"}},[o("a",{staticClass:"header-anchor",attrs:{href:"#oss-scrum-or-scrum-call-thu-march-19th-2020"}},[e._v("#")]),e._v(" OSS Scrum or scrum call Thu "),o("strong",[e._v("March 19th")]),e._v(" 2020")]),e._v(" "),o("ol",[o("li",[e._v("Coil:\na. Don C: Looking at performance, network hops (avoid dup checks etc)\nb. Adrian hB: Renjith & Matt working on translation ISO20022, (to JWEs, etc) - demo by the time we meet on how to use HSM")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Crosslake:\na. Kim W: Finishing action items from the Mid-PI Workshop, follow-up items\nb. Kim W: April Community event is happening but will be a Virtual event. Kim has a planning event and will confirm details: Suggestions welcome\nc. Lewis D: Performance - to include Don in other discussions\nd. Lewis D: Code quality - GDPR requirements proposal\ne: Lewis D: Versioning - iinitial draft made as PR - will be presented to DA next week")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Mifos:\na. Ed C, Istvan M: Payment Hub, envt in Azure,\nb. Ed C, Istvan M: Transactions now going through\nc. Ed C, Istvan M: Next phase: to implement back office screens to see screens for business users\nd. Ed C, Istvan M: Workshop with Google on PISP")]),e._v(" "),o("li",[e._v("Core team:\na. Sam K: Perf - Combining prepare+position handler and fulfil+position handlers, characterization work ongoing\nb. Sam K: Perf - Working on gaining an understanding of how 1 unit of Infrastructure looks like for a Mojaloop deployment\nc. Sam K: Transaction requests service standardization: Added event framework, Adding metrics now\nd. Sam K: Community Support: Fixing issues, upgrade issues, issue for allowing accents in names, etc,.")])])])}),[],!1,null,null,null);n.default=t.exports}}]);